gh-113024: C API: Add PyObject_GenericHash() function (#113025)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/hash.rst

   The function cannot fail: it cannot return ``-1``.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

.. c:function:: Py_hash_t PyObject_GenericHash(PyObject *obj)

   Generic hashing function that is meant to be put into a type
   object's ``tp_hash`` slot.

>    It's result only depends on the object's identitity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Its result only depends on the object's identity.
```

Can you please add a link to built-in id() function here?

>    In CPython it is equivalent to :c:func:`Py_HashPointer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In CPython, it is equivalent to :c:func:`Py_HashPointer`.
```

You might use ``.. impl-detail::`` here.
